howdy there internet people Isabel again
so I guess we were onto part five of the
gun conversation had some questions
about bump stocks three of them actually
we're gonna answer now the first one was
do bump stocks really save lives during
a mass shooting well talk about that the
next one was under the under the intent
of the Second Amendment as I see it our
bump stocks necessary and then the third
one was should they be banned okay it
took me a minute to figure out where the
idea that a bump stock would save lives
during a mass shooting came from what
this person did is they used a very
common gun control tactic to espouse an
anti gun control beliefs
he's cherry-picking data he's using one
incident and making that seem like it
would be representative of mass
shootings so to understand this Hausa
bump stock work it takes a semiautomatic
rifle it makes it mimic fully automatic
fire makes it seem like it's machine gun
when it's not it doesn't actually change
any of the mechanics of the weapon it
makes it to where every time the trigger
resets it's getting pulled immediately
split second later so it achieves rates
of fire very comparable to a fully
automatic weapon with a military weapon
okay so fully automatic fire is very
inaccurate you know if you let loose
with a magazine you know full magazine
you don't thirty arms downrange most of
them are gonna hit what you're aiming at
that's not how it works
three to three to five rounds is about
all you can shoot at a time and still
stay on target and I know somebody in
the comment section is gonna say you
know I can dump a magazine into a three
five three by five card at five hundred
yards
sure you can but for us mere mortals
doesn't happen at all
okay so it is inaccurate
the longer you shoot the less accurate
the fire I understand a lot of you guys
are not shooters that are watching this
so I want you to do is take your finger
and point it at a picture frame in the
road whatever get a good and center on
that picture frame and then just tilt it
tilt the tip of your finger half an inch
up if your across the road from this
picture frame if you were to follow the
line from your finger you're no longer
gonna hit that picture so when that
weapon bounces around because of the
recoil the bullets are spreading out and
the further away the target the less
accurate the fire because the further
that bullet travels on that trajectory
the further off it's gonna be a half
inch here can be inches or feet further
down so what is the most famous use of a
bump stock in a mass shooting now to be
honest it's actually the only one I know
of Vegas right
the guy was letting loose with an entire
magazine at a time
and firing a couple hundred yards yeah
in that instance it probably saved life
is the fact that he used one made his
fire so inaccurate you had a whole bunch
injured and I don't want to say I don't
want to say not a lot of dead it wasn't
as bad as it could have been how about
that if he had used semi-automatic fire
there would been a lot more of dead
because of the range and because of how
he was firing that is true of that
instance and that incidence alone most
most mass shootings don't occurred a
couple hundred yards they occur a couple
feet and being able to fire rounds that
quickly in an enclosed space like most
of them are a school
or something like that yeah it's gonna
make the shooter a whole lot more lethal
it's not gonna save any lies so that's
it's cherry pick data and it's bunk
whoever told you that probably knows
they're misleading you now he may say
you know that's the only mass shooting
that's ever used one so 100% of the time
it has saved lives
and that's true but it's still it's
still kind of misleading and the idea
that under normal circumstances for for
what we consider a mass shooting that it
would help it won't okay so the next
question is it necessary under the
intent of the Second Amendment okay
so you got the two groups you got gun
nuts and you have Second Amendment
supporters and gun nuts shall not be
infringed I love them bump stocks are
the greatest thing ever you have to have
one it's our rights it's our freedom
okay
Second Amendment supporters they're
divided they're divided and it's pretty
clear a lot of guys believe that to
exercise the intent of the Second
Amendment which is to fight back against
the government if need be you would need
to be able to lay down suppressive fire
and what that means is putting a whole
bunch of bullets in one area to keep
another guy's head down so of course
since fully automatics they're not
actually banned but they're effectively
banned for all intents and purposes you
know most people can't get them that
cost prohibitive anyway the this is kind
of like the poor man's full-auto
it's kind of the way they're there
looking at it those who don't think it's
necessary understand that in an
insurgency which is how you would fight
back against the US government
you can't go toe to toe with them you
know you need to be hit run and hide
suppressive fires to keep somebody's
head down while your movement while
you're well your rest of your team is
moving that that's a sign of a running
gun battle a long gun battle
that means that very shortly you're
gonna get hit with hit with air support
so it's not to me I don't see it as
being necessary also understand that in
the event of an insurgency the the $600
rifle you bought at Walmart will
eventually capture a military rifle so I
don't see it as necessary under that
intent so should they be banned
okay now ideologically no man nothing
should be banned we're all gonna sit
around the campfire and love each other
in everything's gonna be fine
that's actually the society I want in
today's society
I wouldn't you're not gonna see me at a
protest trying to make sure that about
stock doesn't get bad not the only
strong argument I can come up with
against banning bump stocks is back when
I used to go to the range all the time I
like to know who the dummies were people
you didn't want to be around that was
normally pretty good indicator they had
one of those now it's not foolproof you
know there are decent guys that have
them most times they buy them as a joke
as a novelty but I think most should or
even tell you that if you took ten bomb
stock owners and line them up against a
wall nine of them are gonna be complete
people you probably don't want to hang
around so there you go
so I hope that answers the questions
yeah and we will get to the other ones I
know there's a lot of them and a lot of
them are really good questions we're
just having had time to get to them yet
because of the other stuff that's been
going on so just something to think
about y'all have a good night